okay I'm going to do an unboxing and
review of the cool aunt cpu 360 if you
all remember from my previous videos I
have the cpu 350 now it may seem like
it's not much of an upgrade but I needed
another water block anyways because I'm
think I'm changing the water block out
of my son's computer so I read some
reviews on the 360 and it does look like
it's significantly better than the 350
of course we're only talking a few
degrees but I mean that can be
significant let's go ahead and open the
box up cool answer products you know
I've been a cool lance fan for a while I
mean they do everything perfectly so
what we got in the bag it looks like
we've got the posts to install the water
block we have some mental tape which we
can use we have a temperature probe we
want to stick on the cpu block we can do
that and it also comes with cool ants
you can see there comes a cool lamps
thermal paste that's one thing i don't
use of cool answer any company as their
own thermal paste i went ahead and
bought some arctic silver five think
everyone knows arctic silver five is the
best to use now here is the water block
let's go ahead and look at it I mean
cool ants I think is unmatched when it
comes to machining I don't know if they
have their own facility or they send it
out but I'm telling you this thing is
heavy too it's not like by any means and
take it out of plastic and it comes with
a cover on the plate for the back foot
so you don't have to worry about
accidentally touching it and then not
being able to get your fingerprints off
you can see a little plate there so it
comes already on there but look at that
I'm going to see if I can get you a
close-up of it see how shiny it is i
mean that's unbelievable
really is it's a real piece of work and
there's the back and you can see you can
see my face there so it's very shiny
very nice pool Lance instructions are
very good if you can look see that
through the picture there actually have
color pictures it's a little pamphlet
it's easy to read it's easy to
understand a caveman could do it I guess
you could say and then you have a rubber
piece that goes between the deck of the
back plate and the cpu water block on
the front then you have for AMD sockets
which I don't know why anyone would want
those and this is for the AMD and then
you have one for it it's for LGA 775
1156 and 1366 so basically it'll fit
anything and you get all the accessories
it's not like some companies where you
buy their water block and gotta buy
adapters I mean what can you say I think
this is just one heck of a the
waterblock what I'm going to do is I'm
going to taking temperatures right now
my cpu 350 and then I'm going to take
temperatures using this and see if I
actually get anything from it ok I'm
going to try and get some numbers from
my current cpu 350 so
there it is in there my computer's been
turned on for about let's go ahead and
look an hour and 41 minutes so the cpu
is idling at pacifica CA 42 c which that
seems warm i bet everyone's saying my
colon right now is 33 degrees it's
really warm this room though again I got
two computers and all kinds of lights on
we are clocked there's my 980x we are
clocked at 4.4 gigahertz basically and i
have it i think it's 1 point 4 volts
maybe and it's showing up at 1.39 too
I'm get a little bit lower on it but I
keep it one point 4 volts and I want to
go up some what I'm going to do now is
I'm going to run prime95 for a
designated amount of time and we'll see
with temporary ok I'm going to a prime
95 tests now and go ahead and start
phone ok there's 12 threads they're
running
probably what I'm going to do is I'm
just going to run it for say one minute
and then we'll check on there and see
what the temperature is
there's what a portent beta showing
on a percent loading
and i'm still at
4.4 gigahertz
let's go ahead and look temperature I'm
not going to use the reading from core
temp data because it could be hard for
me to decipher what the heck it same as
so many figures on there so what I'm
going to do is I'm just going to take
the reading from the motherboard I
figure if I go ahead run this benchmark
and take the reading from the same spot
and I can compare the results kind of
quick update on my computer is I'm now
running 12 gigabytes of memory it's
muskan ddr see if I can get in on it
well
get my skin
red line and it's a ddr tube valve to pc
316 though
look at my coolant look at my power
level first 432 watts
my colon is now at 34 c yeah I've been
running a minute 45 seconds go ahead and
let it run the two minutes I guess okay
we're coming up on three minutes I
decided to do it for three minutes you
think I'd I had it figured out before i
started the video so here we go 56 57 58
59 we'll go over here to my
cpu temp sensor so it showing me 54
degrees C after three minutes of running
prime95 my power draw still the same and
my coin act temps was actually 35 now
what I'm going to try to do go ahead and
try to uh take this one out and put the
other one in as quickly as possible so
we can keep the same routing conditions
and we'll go ahead and see if we can
compare apples to apples